Today, Mr. Lin is not going to announce
Let him get engaged to Wang Shao?
Why did he bring a man here?
Yes, no wonder Wang Shao is so angry today
I think this neighbor is going to be out of luck.
Who is Tomson?
Your granddaughter's boyfriend, of course.
You Lin Qian are so brave
How dare you play with this young master? What?
Goddamn thing
Wang Shao, don't worry.
I will definitely give you an explanation.
Grandpa, he is my boyfriend Chu Feng
I don't want to fight with Wang Shao
God, he dares to break the marriage
Is he crazy?
The Lin family is currently in an economic crisis
When I was all counting on the Wang family for help
He said so
I'm afraid the Lin family is going to end
The Lord said that he had never heard of any big family surnamed Chu
Shouldn't it be someone who is not three or four?
Oh, you.
Oops baby
bored bored
Do you know what you're saying?
Ah!
Today is a big day for you and Wang Shaoding Fu
It's fine if you don't have a ceremony with him
You even got a yakuza to piss me off
Look what you got!
Wearing a lot of street goods
I'm afraid I can't even get a line gesture out
Ah, what is he comparing with Wang Shou?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You quickly apologize to grandpa and Wang Shao
It just passed.
I do not
bastard